README.md, before:


# aura-scheduler
Uses the Asus AURA SDK to turn LEDs on/off on a schedule

[![.NET](https://github.com/theyo/aura-scheduler/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/theyo/aura-scheduler/actions/workflows/build.yml)


# Requirements
The Asus AURA SDK `Interop.AuraServiceLib.dll` needs to be present on the system. Normally this dll is installed with ASUS AURA (through ARMOURY CRATE).

# Instructions
1. Run `AURAScheduler.Setup.msi` to install
1. Set your preferred configuration in the `LightOptions` section of the `LightSetting.json` file located in `C:\ProgramData\TheYo\AURA Scheduler`. The configuration can be changed on-the-fly while the app is running.

`LightMode`: `On`, `Off`, or `Schedule`

`Schedule`:

  `LightsOn` Time for the lights to turn on (use Asus AURA configuration)

  `LightsOff` Time for the lights to turn off (sets the LEDs to Black)

Note that times need to be in the format `HH:mm:ss` with the hours portion in 24 hour time. Example: `09:00:00` would be 9:00 in the morning and `14:30:00` would be 2:30 in the afternoon.

Default Settings:
```
"LightOptions": {
    "LightMode": "Schedule",
    "Schedule": {
      "LightsOn": "07:30:00",
      "LightsOff": "21:30:00"
    }
  }
```

# To test AURA Scheduler
1. Run the `AuraScheduler.Worker` project
1. Change the configuration in the `LightOptions` section of the `appsettings.json` file. The configuration can be changed on-the-fly while the app is running

# To test the Setup project
Prerequisites:
1. Ensure the Windows Sandbox feature is installed on your maching (press Start and search for `Turn Windows features on or off`)
1. Edit `InstallerSandbox.wsb`
    a. Update the `HostFolder` node with the correct path to the output of the Setup project on your machine

Test the installer
1. Build the Setup project
1. Run `InstallerSandbox.wsb`, Windows Sandbox will start and a few windows will open:
    a. File Explorer open to c:\Program Files
    a. File Explorer open to c:\ProgramData
    a. File Explorer open to the folder with the output from the Setup project
    a. Add/Remove Programs
    a. Services
1. Run the `AURAScheduler.Setup.msi` and verify that the installation succeeded (service may not start due to missing AURA SDK in the sanbox
1. Uninstall AURA Scheduler and verify that everything is cleaned up properly

Commit message:

Fixes #5 Worker timer now simplified and should no longer drift Install to ProgramFiles folder Correct readme Open startup folder in Windows Sandbox Bump version number

README.md, after:


# aura-scheduler
Uses the Asus AURA SDK to turn LEDs on/off on a schedule

[![.NET](https://github.com/theyo/aura-scheduler/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/theyo/aura-scheduler/actions/workflows/build.yml)


# Requirements
The Asus AURA SDK `Interop.AuraServiceLib.dll` needs to be present on the system. Normally this dll is installed with ASUS AURA (through ARMOURY CRATE).

# Instructions
1. Run `AURAScheduler.Setup.msi` to install, the application will be added to startup and begin running
1. AURA Scheduler will minimize to the system tray.
    
    a. To open the application, double-click the icon in teh system tray or right-click on the icon and choose "Show"
    a. To exit the application, right-click on the icon in the system tray and choose "Exit"

# Settings File
You may backup or set your preferred configuration manually in the `LightOptions` section of the `LightSetting.json` file located in `%LOCALAPPDATA%\TheYo\AURA Scheduler`. The configuration can be changed on-the-fly while the app is running.

`LightMode`: `On`, `Off`, or `Schedule`

`Schedule`:

  `LightsOn` Time for the lights to turn on (use Asus AURA configuration)

  `LightsOff` Time for the lights to turn off (sets the LEDs to Black)

Note that times need to be in the format `HH:mm:ss` with the hours portion in 24 hour time. Example: `09:00:00` would be 9:00 in the morning and `14:30:00` would be 2:30 in the afternoon.

Default Settings:
```
"LightOptions": {
    "LightMode": "Schedule",
    "Schedule": {
      "LightsOn": "07:30:00",
      "LightsOff": "21:30:00"
    }
  }
```

# To test the AURA Scheduler project
1. Run the `AuraScheduler.UI` project
1. Set the configuration in the UI and verify the configuration saved in the `LightOptions` section of the `appsettings.json` file. The configuration can be changed on-the-fly while the app is running

# To test the Setup project
Prerequisites:
1. Ensure the Windows Sandbox feature is installed on your maching (press Start and search for `Turn Windows features on or off`)
1. Edit `InstallerSandbox.wsb`

    a. Update the `HostFolder` node with the correct path to the output of the Setup project on your machine

Test the installer
1. Build the Setup project
1. Run `InstallerSandbox.wsb`, Windows Sandbox will start and a few windows will open:

    a. File Explorer open to c:\Program Files
    a. File Explorer open to c:\ProgramData
    a. File Explorer open to the folder with the output from the Setup project
    a. Add/Remove Programs
    a. Services

1. Run the `AURAScheduler.Setup.msi` and verify that the installation succeeded

    a. The application will start, and an error message will be logged due to the worker being unable to start because the `Interop.AuraServiceLib.dll` is not available in the sandbox

1. Uninstall AURA Scheduler and verify that everything is cleaned up properly
